# market24-
This is actually a credible community platform that connects millions of service providers with Service Acquirers (people who need to acquire the services) who need to outsource tasks and looking for local services who are in search to earn money &amp; ready to provide services. This contains a website along with two Mobile Applications which are Android and IOS.   For this service Acquirers just need to create their profile on it and post a task with all the required details, receive offers from trusted Service Providers in no time, they can have the option to choose the suitable candidate for the job. Job posting process will be absolutely free of cost. When the service provider accepts an offer from their selected service provider some fixed percentage(amount) will be deducted from the Service Acquirer account, the task funds will be securely held within an escrow account until the Service Acquirer is satisfied and mark the task as completed. When the Service Provider completes the task then they can request payment upon completion. The job acquirer then releases the funds &amp; the service provider receives payment into their verified “PayPal” or “Stripe” accounts. Once the job is completed then both can have the option to rate the services. This helps both service providers &amp; service acquirers from simple to complicated tasks, like “home cleaning, handyman jobs, admin work, photography, gardening and much more.   Badges help to build trust in this community and give Service Acquirers more information when deciding who to work with on a task. When specific requirements are met, a badge is shown on a member’s profile. Blogs section helps them to stay updated with the recent articles which help them to make decisions as per their experiences. The user can also have the wonderful option to find jobs in this community by just filling the job application form and submit it.
